out_exit: document new parameters for PR#8621. (#1346)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/outputs/exit.md

---

> description: 'Exit fluent-bit after a number of flushes, records or seconds'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Exit Fluent Bit after a number of flushes, records, or seconds.
```
